Well, that break proved to be unusually refreshing. 

I am back from that self-imposed exile where you would have found me more difficult to find on the social network than water on moon.
This exile was triggered by what many may think to be one of the silliest reasons possible, a game. But when that game turns out to be 
football, undoubtedly the most popular game on the planet, then it might not be too silly.

To cut a long story short, when my favourite football team, the one to whom I have sworn my allegiance, the one whose fortunes decide my
mood of the day and the one who is yet to attend the class Goal Scoring 101 began playing even more horrendously than usual and started 
going from one nadir to the next, I decided to take a break from everything and come back refreshed. This entailed skipping twitter, where
I almost exclusively follow people related to football, all the million blogs which were mirroring my despair, FIFA where I used to play 
the actual match again and also Facebook just for kicks. And then I realised, I had nothing else to do online.

I curbed my usual habit of opening a hundred tabs and roving from one tab to another, everything related to football. Sometimes out of
sheer force of habit, I would open a few of football related sites, but then remembering, I would close my eyes and quickly close the tab,
punch myself in the face, dip my hands in boiling oil and walk on fire, or mostly only the first. I went on a pilgrimage, meditated on the
futility of it all and understood some fundamental truths about life. That the pilgrimage was part of a trip to Delhi and was not a 
conscious choice but rather a choice of the parents is another matter altogether.

3 weeks of that self-imposed exile and I found out that I had more time than I even knew. The serendipitous benefit of the exile was my 
reading. Books, which I used to leave for the rainy day, the offseason when there was no football, the time when I was free from doing my
million other responsibilities were quickly finished. I am glad to say I read many fine books. I also discovered the rather humbling fact
that if I read a book a day, I would not finish even the classics in my lifetime. I am now exploring authors who are talked about with 
reverence, the people who shaped the literature of their times, the literary giants on whose shoulders stood many a Chetan Bhagat and 
achieved bestsellerdom. Though even these giants might have been the Chetan Bhagats of their times, upcoming novices mentioned sometimes
as an afterthought.

I broke my exile today on learning that Liverpool (the team that I follow that is) won a match. Was I relieved on coming back into the 
folds of “society”. Not too much. It is still bickering, sharing weird photos to get “likes”, refreshing a page to see if the like count
increased, trying to be witty or pondering on the perils of playing a deep-lying playmaker. I discovered that the exile was not so much of
a trouble, rather I enjoyed immensely the time I had. Maybe I am just an ordinary anti-social being, a sociopath if you will. The 
anti-library (a library containing the unread books) is more than 99.999% full.

Of course, the football bug, once caught is not easily cured, and once my team goes back to its winning ways (if there ever was one), I am 
sure I will get hooked on again and cry and delight with my fellow fans. But this promise I solemnly make, that unnecessary worry I will 
not take. After all it is only a game.

'Til Later