I am hungry. The lack of football is starving me.

For a passionate fan of club football, off-season might be the most torturous period there can be, with the international breaks providing
stiff competition. No blogs to read, no players to swoon over, no players to shout at *cough* Downing *cough* and no more late-night
matches and subsequent drowsiness all through next day. Sitting on the edge of the seat and praying that all our players make it through 
the break without injuries is no fun.

Granted it was not total lack of football. There were the Euros, making it much better than last year’s off-season, but somehow I did not
enjoy it as much as everyone else seems to have done. Ze Germans, of whom I have been a fan since that 2006 opening goal by Lahm, were not
as exciting as the last World Cup. In 2010, ze Germans were a fast counter-attacking team and tore many teams to shreds as England and 
Argentina will testify. Ozil and Muller with all there umlauts were so much fun to watch and the speed at which they converted defence to
attack was breathtaking. This time though, their movement was more languid, more focus was on possession than before and except for the 
second half against Greece, never left second gear. Still it was a surprise when they went out to unfancied Italy pouring water on the
German-Spain final that many football fans were hoping for.  Spain seemingly as disappointed at not getting Germany as everyone else, then
brutalised Italy in the final.

After a long long trophy-less stretch, Spain have won their second consecutive Euro Cup and made history by winning three consecutive 
tournaments. Vicente Del Bosque, the Droopyesque coach of the team became the only manager in the history of football to have won all 
three major tournaments, the Champions League, the World Cup and the Euro Cup. The talent for Spain, with brilliant players like Javi 
Martinez, Mata, Muniain, Llorente and many others still waiting on the wings is absolutely worth salivating over. Only Germany have 
comparable wealth in hand, but in spite of reaching the late stages of many tournaments they have choked. With experience in the squad
that might improve though. Spain are now the champions at all levels and unless something drastic happens, it is highly probable that they
will rule over football for the near-foreseeable future.

All that I am still not a big fan of Spain. The purists might enjoy the controlled build-up starting from the goalkeeper, the endless
inter-passing, the waiting for the gaps to occur and the sudden rapier-like thrust at the most opportune moment, nowadays referred to by
the fashionable name of tiki-taka, but I find no sight more enjoyable than the sudden turn-over of possession in our own half, the 
excellent controlled long ball to the striker or winger who is waiting as an outlet, the streaking into the opposition’s half at a manic
speed and before the other team is aware GOAALL! An audacious chip from the half line and it is even better. The new manager of Liverpool,
Brendan Rodgers is a fan of tiki-taka and I might well have to bring myself around to enjoy the poor man’s tiki-taka that Liverpool will
dish out. Hopefully we will get into the Champions League next season.

It is not all silence at the club level though. Only one activity seems to be going on but its roar is deafening. Yes, I am talking about 
the transfer window. The transfer window on the continent opened on July 1st and all sorts of crazy rumours have started flying around.
Players getting linked to every other club, agents sniffing around for their 15%, players not signing contract extensions, Arsenal fans
committing mass suicide (the last two are said to be linked) and in short total bedlam reigns over Twitter. Whenever a new player is 
linked, within moments a video detailing all his goals, tricks and celebrations appears on the interweb. A video welcoming him to the 
club also appears. The player at that time is sugar, spice and everything nice (Yes, I used to watch Powerpuff Girls, sue me). Then 
suddenly a tweet appears rubbishing that link and linking him somewhere else and the player suddenly turns into a person not fit to tie 
the laces, let alone wear the precious shirt. Rinse, lather and repeat. Bat-shit crazy, this transfer season.

Thankfully, the actual season is not as far away as it seems. What with preseason and Europa League qualifiers (Europe!), the footie 
starts very soon. Another season of hope (“this is our year!”) is nigh.
